Hi, my name is Elias, I'm a computer science major, and this is how I got
set up with free remote access to all the ebooks and articles provided by the UCR Library
using the Global Protect VPN on my Windows 10 PC.
First, let's talk about why we need to use a VPN from off campus.
When you're off campus, websites don't necessarily know that you are a UCR student.
This means that if you try to access an ebook or article in a database or on a website,
you might not be able to get to the full text, you might get an error message, or the
website may even ask you to pay a fee.
Don't pay that fee!
To see if you can get that book or article through UCR Library, you can set up your computer
Global Protect.
This gives you a chance to type in your UCR net id and show the internet that you are a Highlander.
Once your set up, you'll have access to millions of resources paid for by UCR Library.
This includes ebooks, articles, videos, music, and all sorts of things.
Here's how I did it.
First, I went to the library website at library.ucr.edu.
Then, at the top of the page, I clicked on Connect from Off-Campus.
From there, I clicked the link that says "Follow These Instructions."
I use a windows pc, so I chose windows non-managed.
After that, I followed these directions to get set up. Let's walk through it together.
For more information, on how you can get set up with remote access
to everything UCR Library has to offer, visit library.ucr.edu and click on Connect from Off-Campus.